spam	Urgent UR awarded a complimentary trip to EuroDisinc Trav, Aco&Entry41 Or £1000. To claim txt DIS to 87121 18+6*£1.50(moreFrmMob. ShrAcomOrSglSuplt)10, LS1 3AJ
ham	Awesome, be there in a minute
ham	And that is the problem. You walk around in "julianaland" oblivious to what is going on around you. I say the same things constantly and they go in one ear and out the other while you go off doing whatever you want to do. It's not that you don't know why I'm upset--it's that you don't listen when i tell you WHAT is going to upset me. Then you want to be surprised when I'm mad.
ham	I've told you everything will stop. Just dont let her get dehydrated.
ham	Or I guess  &lt;#&gt;  min
ham	I'm home. Ard wat time will u reach?
ham	Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say "HELLO" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? "Margaret Hello" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person, bt not his girlfrnd... G o o d n i g h t . . .@
ham	If you want to mapquest it or something look up "usf dogwood drive", that's the tiny street where the parking lot is
ham	Aight should I just plan to come up later tonight?
ham	Die... I accidentally deleted e msg i suppose 2 put in e sim archive. Haiz... I so sad...
spam	Welcome to UK-mobile-date this msg is FREE giving you free calling to 08719839835. Future mgs billed at 150p daily. To cancel send "go stop" to 89123
ham	This is wishing you a great day. Moji told me about your offer and as always i was speechless. You offer so easily to go to great lengths on my behalf and its stunning. My exam is next friday. After that i will keep in touch more. Sorry.
ham	Thanks again for your reply today. When is ur visa coming in. And r u still buying the gucci and bags. My sister things are not easy, uncle john also has his own bills so i really need to think about how to make my own money. Later sha.
ham	Sorry I flaked last night, shit's seriously goin down with my roommate, what you up to tonight?
ham	He said i look pretty wif long hair wat. But i thk he's cutting quite short 4 me leh.
ham	Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak 5min hold
ham	"CHEERS FOR CALLIN BABE.SOZI CULDNT TALKBUT I WANNATELL U DETAILS LATER WENWECAN CHAT PROPERLY X"
ham	Hey u still at the gym?
ham	She said,'' do u mind if I go into the bedroom for a minute ? '' ''OK'', I sed in a sexy mood. She came out 5 minuts latr wid a cake...n My Wife,
ham	Much better now thanks lol
ham	Nothing, smsing u n xy lor. Sorry lor da guys neva c u in person but they sort of know u lor. So u wan 2 meet them xy ask me 2 bring u along 4 our next meeting.
ham	Lemme know when I can swing by and pick up, I'm free basically any time after 1 all this semester
ham	Wa... U so efficient... Gee... Thanx...
spam	3. You have received your mobile content. Enjoy
ham	S but not able to sleep.
spam	Want explicit SEX in 30 secs? Ring 02073162414 now! Costs 20p/min
ham	We will meet soon princess! Ttyl!
ham	I'll pick you up at about 5.15pm to go to taunton if you still want to come.
ham	Oh :-)only 4 outside players allowed to play know
ham	I anything lor.
ham	Erutupalam thandiyachu
ham	Y cant u try new invention to fly..i'm not joking.,
ham	No..its ful of song lyrics..
ham	What do u reckon as need 2 arrange transport if u can't do it, thanks
ham	True lov n care wil nevr go unrecognized. though somone often makes mistakes when valuing it. but they will definitly undrstnd once when they start missing it.
ham	Shopping? Eh ger i toking abt syd leh...Haha
ham	What not under standing.
ham	have * good weekend.
ham	Miss call miss call khelate kintu opponenter miss call dhorte lage. Thats d rule. One with great phone receiving quality wins.
ham	Call me when you get the chance plz &lt;3
ham	The new deus ex game comin early next yr
ham	My computer just fried the only essential part we don't keep spares of because my fucking idiot roommates looovvve leaving the thing running on full  &lt;#&gt; /7
ham	My friend, she's studying at warwick, we've planned to go shopping and to concert tmw, but it may be canceled, havn't seen  for ages, yeah we should get together sometime!
ham	Probably a couple hours tops
ham	LOL .. *grins* .. I'm not babe, but thanks for thinking of me!
ham	Man this bus is so so so slow. I think you're gonna get there before me
ham	Hope this text meets you smiling. If not then let this text give you a reason to smile. Have a beautiful day.
ham	In case you wake up wondering where I am, I forgot I have to take care of something for grandma today, should be done before the parade
ham	Ok
spam	Latest Nokia Mobile or iPOD MP3 Player +£400 proze GUARANTEED! Reply with: WIN to 83355 now! Norcorp Ltd.£1,50/Mtmsgrcvd18+
spam	SMS SERVICES. for your inclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= 3qxj9 unsubscribe with STOP, no extra charge. help 08702840625.COMUK. 220-CM2 9AE
ham	Nvm take ur time.
ham	So wat's da decision?
ham	Wot is u up 2 then bitch?
ham	Stupid.its not possible
ham	She told to hr that he want posting in chennai:)because i'm working here:)
spam	Mobile Club: Choose any of the top quality items for your mobile. 7cfca1a
ham	When are you guys leaving?
ham	He neva grumble but i sad lor... Hee... Buy tmr lor aft lunch. But we still meetin 4 lunch tmr a not. Neva hear fr them lei. Ü got a lot of work ar?
ham	Not able to do anything.
ham	Ü takin linear algebra today?
ham	This weekend is fine (an excuse not to do too much decorating)
ham	Sorry I missed you babe. I was up late and slept in. I hope you enjoy your driving lesson, boytoy. I miss you too ... *teasing kiss*
ham	Now project pa. After that only i can come.
spam	Money i have won wining number 946 wot do i do next
ham	Sure, whenever you show the fuck up &gt;:(
ham	That was random saw my old roomate on campus. He graduated
spam	Congrats! 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09061744553 now! videochat wid ur mates, play java games, Dload polyH music, noline rentl. bx420. ip4. 5we. 150pm
ham	Men always needs a beautiful, intelligent, caring, loving, adjustable, cooperative wife. But the law allows only one wife....
ham	That sucks. So what do you got planned for your yo valentine? I am your yo valentine aren't I?
ham	Just got part Nottingham - 3 hrs 63miles. Good thing i love my man so much, but only doing 40mph. Hey ho
ham	What to think no one saying clearly. Ok leave no need to ask her. I will go if she come or not
ham	Hi good mornin.. Thanku wish u d same..
ham	DO U WANT 2 MEET UP 2MORRO
ham	Actually I decided I was too hungry so I haven't left yet :V
ham	I've sent ü my part..
ham	Cos i was out shopping wif darren jus now n i called him 2 ask wat present he wan lor. Then he started guessing who i was wif n he finally guessed darren lor.
spam	I want some cock! My hubby's away, I need a real man 2 satisfy me. Txt WIFE to 89938 for no strings action. (Txt STOP 2 end, txt rec £1.50ea. OTBox 731 LA1 7WS. )
ham	Understand. his loss is my gain :) so do you work? School?
ham	HOW ARE U? I HAVE MISSED U! I HAVENT BEEN UP 2 MUCH A BIT BORED WITH THE HOLIDAY WANT 2 GO BAK 2 COLLEGE! SAD ISNT IT?xx
ham	Hiya, probably coming home * weekend after next
ham	Don't forget though that I love you .... And I walk beside you. Watching over you and keeping your heart warm.
ham	I wish things were different. I wonder when i will be able to show you how much i value you. Pls continue the brisk walks no drugs without askin me please and find things to laugh about. I love you dearly.
ham	Ok both our days. So what are you making for dinner tonite? Am I invited?
spam	Gr8 new service - live sex video chat on your mob - see the sexiest dirtiest girls live on ur phone - 4 details text horny to 89070 to cancel send STOP to 89070
ham	I have no money 4 steve mate! !
ham	IM LATE TELLMISS IM ON MY WAY
ham	Never blame a day in ur life. Good days give u happiness. Bad days give u experience. Both are essential in life! All are Gods blessings! good morning.:
ham	Normally i use to drink more water daily:)
ham	Dare i ask... Any luck with sorting out the car?
ham	Party's at my place at usf, no charge (but if you can contribute in any way it is greatly appreciated) and yeah, we got room for one more
ham	Urgh, coach hot, smells of chip fat! Thanks again, especially for the duvet (not a predictive text word).
ham	Hiya. How was last night? I've been naughty and bought myself clothes and very little ... Ready for more shopping tho! What kind of time do you wanna meet?
spam	FreeMsg Hi baby wow just got a new cam moby. Wanna C a hot pic? or Fancy a chat?Im w8in 4uTxt / rply CHAT to 82242 Hlp 08712317606 Msg150p 2rcv
ham	I've been trying to reach him without success
ham	when you and derek done with class?
ham	Never y lei... I v lazy... Got wat? Dat day ü send me da url cant work one...
ham	Never try alone to take the weight of a tear that comes out of ur heart and falls through ur eyes... Always remember a STUPID FRIEND is here to share... BSLVYL
ham	Hey mate. Spoke to the mag people. We‘re on.  the is deliver by the end of the month. Deliver on the 24th sept. Talk later. 
ham	Hope you are having a good week. Just checking in